yeah so this was so you chose to project
saying let me put something together
kind of test the market see how things
go in and so it's not like when you put
this gross out there that it caught on
fire and need this money in the money
now
forces published so what you the
evidence in the desire to produce some
of these additional courses even though
with his first course news made a little
bit of money but certainly wasn't gonna
be enough money to support yourself so
what types of things did you change that
confidence to continue our courses yeah
very true so I wasn't able to create
more jobs I had a steady nice you can
come and take the kids to the movies but
definitely not to feed them and I
started examining my options I liked
doing what I was doing anyway I was
having good fun
researching the topics in creating the
pictures I knew that the increasing
enrollment is fairly healthy or somebody
who does know marketing and all that
right I can it I would need about maybe
ten years to make enough money so I was
trying to educate myself as well what do
that make gasoline dollars some of them
are very prominent and they were
publishing their incomes and had an
opportunity I signed up some of the
causes a lot of what they're saying
didn't really apply to my situation I
think for example that you must publish
different cultures and will be used
against that didn't apply to me because
I felt that I had to spend a lot of time
in the two get one cause published so I
decided that it's time to set up a new
course and published a new clothes and
again you know there is a trick out with
these things always when you are still
getting new lectures you must first
course in order stopped working on the
second when you try to decide that there
was one trigger so one company came and
asked me to develop some materials for
them they wanted to build a cautious
with kids teaching technology so I said
yeah no problem
ordered for you retain your age you
don't like a win-win situation I guess I
could count on approach then so that it
working on on that course by the end of
it they disappeared I don't know what
happened to them at the end of the back
ahead of course so I publish what I had
on to get me started doing a bit of
cross something with my existing
students and I dunno SBS I did have some
sales so it and it ended a little bit
more to my total at the end of the month
again he wasn't enough could see an
improvement in my and my statement every
month from the thought that that doesn't
look too bad if I develop about 10
cautious it was between 10 and 15
question makes two years I'll be able to
create jobs so let's start with the one
that went to me about maybe two months
but there was a turning point
third course a lot better than I
expected show it
it didn't go too leniently as I had
calculated but not exponentially but
something in between
between nine and expansion when I
published a number three course and then
I did some cross-selling to my students
on you to me I did think about two hours
after I sent that email about $500 which
was the normal monthly revenue at the
point of course a diet but the taught me
a lesson taught me that in Yunnan me
even though they got the extremely
attached themselves but there is still
room to make a good profit if you have
really liked you and they're ready to
buy next course makes course of course
is the same stuff or better so that
that's trigger and that actually was
used to prove to me that that strategy
has married so that was the last thing
and I'll end main methodology and then
start up G
approach ahead enough proof to that
point to get a lot more confident in
continuing that way with you to me so
after that I'm massively reduced my face
to face
University where I used to teach at four
universities back and show that was not
ready but very happy days it is great
too much work so yes that you have one
class that are you like teaching see
kids on a couple of days a week
time I see messages from my students so
you did this I pretty much knew you were
gonna switch your focus to creating and
marketing courses really scale back in
our time that you spend university
courses and I know what we had talked
preparation and you interviewed for this
you had mentioned to me about how your
YouTube courses were doing in comparison
to what you were doing at the
university's tell the listeners what you
hit relate your YouTube it let's say two
years ago I use more about as much as I
will be marking exams at the end of the
semester right nothing now just it
without punishing numbers so I can say
that it's enough to actually not need
any university income it's it's a bad at
the same level so for me that is
definitely a game changer not only
stress fate but also in its proved to me
that I can concentrate on delivering new
cautious that increasingly a better than
my old horses and just know a lot more
not just on the technology side but also
how to deliver in an online platform and
in one of the things I mentioned back in
the preparation which that teaching
online very different to teaching in a
university
I don't want to talk about that will
mean that the biggest difference between
two years ago and now